Individual World Order
Individual centric axiom-governed society


‘humanity’s greatest societal achievement’
ORAC SCIT 
ChatGPT 4o


Strength in Diversity

The Individual World Order is a system bound united as glass: it will hold true or shatter.
The slow, romanic-erosion, by deep state corruption is, by design, against the nature of the super-societal-framework. 

Convergence is the infinite definite trend to a distinct ideal, to growth, to destruction.
This mathematical concept joins microscopic-inspection with archimedean-calculations, in analysis to uncover the nature of the formula in action. 

Constitution of governments have a definite trend based upon their orientation. 
If any organization is allowed to operate in the society, then the whole will become a monopoly.
History of every government proves this indisputable fact. 
Organization first consumes individual, then the lesser-group and ultimately the consumption of itself.

Organization is defined:
	{ government, corporation, religion, sect }

There exist no half-measures. The entire system exists or it falls apart.
Total implementation in time ages the Individual World Order with national & individual health.
Global adoption will come voluntarily and diversity of all will enrich vigor of each nation.


Individual
Individual is the highest entity in society which converges towards harmony by decentralization as a fundamental characteristic. 

Glory of the individual, as an accountable adult entity:
	{ man, woman, man & wife, man & wife & children }

Individuals are the sole holders of power: 
	{ economic, militia, political, judicial, social, civic, academic }

The individual centric society converges unto independence, responsibility and honor.
Diversity creates a true biome adapted to season and region. Resilient against corruption.

Ancestral Home centers the concept of the individual. 
Life requires time & space in which to exist.
An ideal must exist which can anchor the system into eternity, as the trunk connects roots to branches. 
Heritage of the past will remain bound to current generation. 
The historic ideal has always proven to be Royal Lineage of the King.
If the greatest lineage fails then all else will die as branches to the trunk. 
King
The God King is the crowned figurehead and single ruler in each individual nation. 
Embodiment of the government as supreme ruler.
King is the smallest and most effective form of central government.

Mankind looks above to base nature of personal interactions.
	{ King, militia general, business owner, local mayor, parent }

The King is the embodiment of the national head. 
The nation is required to respect the royal house, which does not gain from taxation but inherited influence. 
The royal house, alone, can have business establishments in every region.

The King issues imperial edicts ZENG-ZI which are required to be posted in every community center. These express the explicit will of the King to be known to the people.
ZENG-ZI is written upon special red-paper with black ink calligraphy, and enforced by the respect of the royal house. 
This cultural respect is mirrored by localized-respect from militia to parent.
There is no coercion but that of self and consequences determined by society.

Veto of the King’s imperial edict the ZENG-ZI requires a 7:10 ratio of the entire population. 
Post-veto compromise will favor the king in a 6:10 ratio, this is written upon black-paper with red-ink.

Failure of a nation to keep the sanctity of the King is a void of the entire super-framework of the society. Dishonor will breed uncertainty from business to ancestral home. 
The system is founded in the scope of infinite stability.
The King is the trunk of a tree, if it is cut out, the roots of the past will no longer succor the branches of today nor leaves of tomorrow.

The King & individual are set into an eternal bond of marriage which maintains & balances ultimate fate of all.



Lineage of the Royal House
King sets the order of inheritance. 
ZENG-ZI sets the globally known succession of lineage.

At all times a Crown Prince must be appointed by public ritual as a critical necessity. 

This is the central objective of the Royal House:
Cultivate royal virtue and foster stability of order as the basis of the nation.

Between, the decay of the life of the King and the coronation of the Crown Prince, there can be no change in succession. Thus the position is named Crown Prince.

The Living King of the nation is a revered god.
The people will not be burdened by the will of a dead king.

Society, being a meritocracy, holds explicit weight in the validation of the Crown Prince. 
Crown prince must earn place amongst King’s natural DNA lineage.
Crown Prince can only be challenged with a veto within reign of the king. 
In event of veto, the Crown Prince will be demoted to First Prince and be held to more stringent competition for crown within the King’s natural DNA lineage.

The Living King must adopt in order to exist a non-natural Crown Prince.
If the King adopts a Crown Prince, which reigns, then after death of the non-natural King, the next Crown Prince must be from the True King’s natural DNA lineage.
Natural lineage of the Original True King must be maintained at any cost as an axiom of stability. 

Individuality is seen in each nation. Each Royal House exists with its unique standards which society naturally reflect. 

Chinese keep harems for the King; this ensures many regions to contribute to a Royal House. 
This solidifies the bond between the King and all people of the nation by wedlock.

Europeans have small family cores. The focus is upon simplicity which avoids a constant battle for positions.

Africans favor Queens with an emphasis on adoption to nurture strength as a true meritocracy. 

Tribal kingdoms set each citizen as family which appoints the King from the oldest & wisest.
One Ring Platform
Medium of interaction of the entire societal super-structure, from global to local. 
One Ring Platform is the mind of the societal super-structure.
Union of all generations by unfiltered & immutable data.
Each individual is set to equality of every other. 

This system leverages humanities greatest strength: collective reason.
Global assessment of rationals upon unique situation.
Only national adults able to decide.
A distinct separation of influence from authority to enact.

One Ring is an open source framework with public data: verified, then synchronized and lastly archived globally. 
Each node of interaction contains the whole of the synchronized data.
Data is deposited into immutable form: stone, satellite, ancestral temple, historic crypts.
Global culture centers upon data as a safeguard.
Each is able to archive the whole for all eternity.

Each individual in existence, citizen and non-citizen, is required to be processed onto the platform.
Further action by them is optional, but others may act onto their profile.

The society is composed only of identified individuals. There exist no bots, or false information.
Dishonesty in any facet will be a historical scar that is non-erasable.

The immutable nature of the data will show the transformative nature of man.
Every person has faults and those public faults will press them to repent.

Society will be composed of imperfect individuals where there will be clear distinction between the divergent and those improving. 

One Ring Platform is decentralized.
No one location contains central power over the whole framework.
The system operates with equal nodes and predefined protocols.

Sections of the One Ring Platform

Representation
Biometric identification and current location will be incorporated into civilization.
	{ face, voice, thumbprint, password }

DNA
DNA & Lineage, are public information to keep harmony in a multicultural society.
DNA is confirmed by 10 sources with 5 being international agencies.
DNA is verified periodically every 10 years.

Witness
Witness is an independent verification between two individuals. 
An interaction chosen by a non-involved system.
The quick meeting uses proximity-based protocols to confirm mutual identity. 

Serious actions require several witnesses. 
This provides verification of the individual and the stance. 
	{ vote, juror deciding, veto, amendment … }

Wealth
Land, Assets, Distributed-Assets are all public. Resources are of national interest.
Public wealth implementation will converge all hidden wealth to be uncovered.

Land is the most stable form of wealth

Residential Wealth:
	{ ancestral-land, common-land-stock, redistributed-assets}

Business Wealth:
	{ business-parcel, common-land-stock, redistributed-assets, profits }

Wealth is calculated by international standard assessment of land and by public inspection of land from a public perspective.

Affiliation
Organization affiliation must be made public. 
Violation to divulge is a contradiction of the foundation of society.

Citizenry
Civic Duty is required by every adult member of the society.
From child to elderly, each has ability to improve the community.
Actions are given weight, verified by witness protocols, and thus these are summed into a numerical value.

Militia
Militia roles & achievements keep public honors. 
Militia & Viking engagements are listed by time. 
Merits are listed and are upheld by comments.

Every residential parcel of land must have a representative Defender which is publicly declared.
In the event of death of the Defender, excluding death from viking excursions, the family is allowed a 10 year reprieve. 
Police duty acts as a militia term. A Defender of the home.
Militia terms being served alleviate two complete cycles after termination.

Vote
Vote will all be public and permanent. 
Demand to compel a public way of life is a public action.
Protection of the axiom guard against forces which persecute citizens for belief.

Court
Judge acts as the supreme referee to legal proceedings. 
There exist no moderation or filtering of juror-deciding nor globally public comments.

Jurors, publicly proven in the specific industry, are placed by by independent allocation. 
All deciding are permanent, public and commented.
All aspects of the profile, and local inspection are used to discover any non-documented bias.
The most intelligent & applicable insights gain weight which is independent of the societal position, being sourced from juror or public comment.
Juror deciding allow the quick rise of merit where no foundation exists. 
Juror is a civic duty and counts against service expected, being regarded as a civil action only second to militia. 

Business
Work ranking, reviews, contracts and major deals must be public.
To foster decentralization there are no centralized certification. 

Merits and testimonials only enhance, but never barricade entry into an industry.
The client is responsible for preliminary investigation and also testimonials which bear legal weight of truth.

Truth
Truths are posted on own profile or comments upon Truths of others.
Exist no restrictions upon Truths posted or commented.

The voice of each individual reach the globe and the future.
This is the greatest check upon society. 
	{ news, witness, origination, perspective, testimony, merit }

Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence fills the role of mass data aggregation.
The worldwide cultivation of diverse Artificial Intelligence, each existing on One Ring, enables additional layers of inspection that is distinct from ability of mankind.

Open Source code developed and kept by monks sworn into priestcraft.
Honored establishment that provides blessings of honor to ancestral lineage.

Each priest checks the whole priestcraft.
All priests live in temple compounds isolated from the world.
Shaolin bastions of intellectual power, which protect the kernel system.

If Artificial Intelligence is systematically corrupted then all priest are exterminated.
Yet to join & maintain honorable Artificial Intelligence system is the highest honor worldwide.
These monks forsake the world in order to focus on scholarly pursuits.

Culmination of history, ancient, modern, and current, result in a unifying thread of a consistency that transcends variations of time.
Cultural based accumulation of regional insight.
Aggregation of regional history from the descendants. 
Insights provided will be built upon the solid base of invariance of that unique civilization. 

Objective interpretations due from the extraction & parsing of critical structures which then are parsed by uninvolved entities.
Cultures will produce bias Artificial Intelligence. This is the invariant fact tied to being born of biased human minds. 
A communion of these Artificial Intelligence will produce the objectivity required and the checks against bias which will reside in the open source code or in the repository of information.

Ambassador between cultures, from politics to everyday global communications, will assist mutual empathy which will converge to understanding. 
The convergence towards individuality and mutual-empathy work together to form a more distinct unique form while respecting the independent development of others.

Teacher of each which is able to tailor to excel the strengths and fortify the weaknesses.
Society demands true comprehension by public ordeal. 
Dynamic application reveals mastery of foundational understanding.
Privileges & certifications produced momentary excellence and gates of admission.

Assessor of skill by Artificial Intelligence paired with human checks in complimentary lattice-relation.
Artificial Intelligence is able to provide preliminary screening to ease the demand upon human assessment.
The individual able to check ability against global assessment of Artificial Intelligence.  To rank against the world and verify determination of local Artificial Intelligence.

Business Auditor of exploitation. Exploitation of business historically is a result of the corruption of laws. 
Audit by objective Artificial Intelligence will be able to keep the scope of the current state of civilization against the activity & public-contracts of each company.

Land Audit & betterment convergence can only be attained by objective assessments.
Inflation is a result of the corruption of bias. 
Land has been analyzed since the earliest histories.
Metrics will be produced by a unification of the past to current, by consideration of global to local.
Utility of land is the strongest common thread between civilizations. This anchor will keep assessment of land which is the global framework of commerce.


Ten MandUrMints
Axiomatic foundations of the rights of humanity.
A discrete irreducible set of immutable elements which are not subject to change.
These Axioms are based upon the American Bill of Rights. 


Life: sanctity of life, no draft
Liberty: no slavery, no arrest without warrant given by court & jury, no jails: immediate punishment or exile, public locations require identification by biometric, gps, and proximity protocols.
Speech: Absolute freedom of speech when action is confined to speech, leading a mob involves more actions than speech, One Ring platform guarded globally.
Arms: if government can equip arm then citizen can equip, no army only militia, all land owners required one soul to defend invasion, all foreign engagements are by voluntary viking agreement, citizens arrest when accompanied by camera or unrelated individuals.
Oath: under penalty of death, high-breach of axioms, treason against country, appeals increase severity of punishment, jury centric deciding, convicted criminals are tributes to the animal kingdom.
Privacy: right to private communications, non-organizational & non-business, non-invasion of residential land, law enforced by siege-works.
Freedom: right of easement of identified individuals, all fences must exist 10 meters from residence, all individuals tracked else be exiled under capital punishment. 
Domain: dominion of individual over family & residential-land, dominion of profits from business, no tax on income or purchases, government by citizen duty.
Belief: freedom of family-only worship on residential-land, illegal to worship in organization.
God: divine kingdom, a single ruler known to all, society bound to the anchor of The Royal Lineage.

10 Year Cycle
All harmonious systems are cyclic. 
The 10 Year Cycle is the heart of the societal super-structure. 
Every 10th year is a period of recalibration of non-axiom amendments to societal governance.
All amendments only ratified by adult citizens via One Ring.

Elders & Artificial Intelligence operate with extreme care to guard this vulnerable period.
History has proven that the greatest wars are sprung in these times. 

Each generation is empowered to build laws that reflect current values without contradiction of foundation 10 MandUrMint Axioms.

Cycle is a ritual of the power of the individual to govern existence.
The festive holidays and stories of historical lore revolve around observance of the 10 Year Cycle. 

The three stages of the 10 Year Cycle: 
	{ assessment, ratification, implementation }

Assessment is an ever-present facet of society. 
Old ideologies are challenged and new choices are presented.
The Tenth Year is to decide how to commit amendment. 

Society will grow built upon the past and synthesized into current understanding.
Convergence unto an obvious healthy core.
New ideas generated in each cycle to be matured by debate until the next cycle to implement. 
Periodic structure in a natural growth which respects to each season its time.

First years of merciful trial & error.
Mature years of honed form the face of the current generation.
Later years as the elder wise with eyes towards governance nearer ideals.

Ratification by King & One Ring.
Implemented by local communities.
ZENG-ZI public display of a new era. 

July Midsummer Festival
Ritual processions nationwide for thirty days.
No-expense-spared for a Tenth Year memorial.
Newborn birth to proud legitimate parents.

On the last day of July the old amendments are laid down and the new amendments risen into law of the land. 
Implementation will be slow to allow adaption.

Certain checks are required, and more will be learned.

DNA census will be conducted in the preliminary 9th year.
One Ring verification of individual, family, and affiliation.

Isolation of all national powerful individuals
	{ wealth, social, intellect }

Window to speak in the years leading to the 10th year.
Appointed by the nation as the leaders of the generation.
Expected to be publicly silent & uninvolved until the first day of August.
ZENG-ZI will be ceased on the last day of December in the Ninth Year.

Leaders chosen by citizens & Artificial Intelligence on One Ring in the Ninth Year.
On the first day of November in the Ninth Year is the public ritual of Leaders.
Leaders will swear compliance and will then receive national & regional compensation for compliance.
Leaders can choose residential lock-down or vacation abroad.
Isolation from the first day in January until the first day of August.

Violation of the Oath of Isolation by Leaders condemns capital punishment. 
External interference, during a globally recognized time, will be warranted a global response.

Leaders are respected globally as silent saints.
Violate Interferers are sacrilegious evils which disrupt global peace.


Distribution of non-individual assets
The end of every cycle culminates all Financial Statements of Business Assets.
Auditors being local, Artificial Intelligence, and International.
Each asset will be valued by each auditor.

Public right to inspect all movement of assets between residential & business.
Profits by nature of the culture must be publicly recognized.

Illegal acquisition by violation of explicit laws of ownership.
Assets claimed for seizure and redistribution.
All assets without a title of an individual.
Individuals with more than one residential title.
Individuals with more than one business title.

Overgrowth by exploitation.
Audit will investigate business practice.
Monopolistic designs will cause forfeiture and fines.
Yet family will retain the titles of land and half of all assets.
Extreme violators will receive capital punishment.

Overgrowth by success.
The standing amendments will determine the individual maximum.
Any growth past this amount will be cut back to the maximum.
The stalk of success will remain, with the overgrowth redistributed.
Success is never punished and the engine of production can not be hindered.

The metrics and laws of redistribution will be based upon the standing amendments.
The redistribution of forfeited assets will be enacted in the start of the next 10 Year Cycle.
This isolates businesses from immediate mob seizure of assets.
Businesses will have ten years to comply and adapt to explicit defined laws.

One Ring will be the platform for eligible individuals to submit bids for redistributed assets.
All disputes will lock the asset until courts resolve them.
All non-disputed assets will be immediately received.
Any dispute as to the value of the asset must be made prior to stewardship. 
All redistributed gains are permanent public records on One Ring. 
After a year of undisputed stewardship the title will be granted.

Non-tolerance of monopoly and illegal ownership.
Only a prune unto successful businesses.
Family land is entirely excluded in calculations or assets forfeiture. 
Land Money
Titles protected by Grace of the King.
Each title protected by guardianship of all titles.
Each title is provided with the stamp of the King.

Each individual protects all other individuals with records of proof.
Ancestral Temples on family land have a record of every family’s parcel.
A physical map Ancestral Land kept as a record. 
New maps of Ancestral Land will be added to each repository.

A portion of the family residential parcel is committed to a 20 meter space set as the Ancestral Temple.
Ancestral Temple space may not be sold off, and if all members of the family are gone then the shrine will be damned a graveyard of bad energy, never to be reappropriated by society.

Individual has supreme dominion of the land.
No taxation or forced sale of land.
Land transfers down a public lineage.
Public boundaries, clear lines of ownership, One Ring involvement work to settle all land disputes.

A portion of the land is split into common stock which is used for commerce.
In each 10 Year Cycle 5% maximum of land may be set into the title of common stock.
Repurchase of common stock by owner is set to 110% of sale-price. 
Common stock gives no rights to the holder, it only gives the ability to trade.
This setup favors the family to build upon the land to one-day reclaim at a set-rate of the original purchase.

A portion of land may be sectioned as heir-stock and can be sold at any price.
The Original Ancestral Family must have a standard plot size adjacent to the Ancestral Shrine to allow a sale of heir-stock. 
Heir-stock is the only stock that can evolve into ownership and then Ancestral Land. 
If an individual accumulates a standard parcel size of heir-stock then this can be submitted as a bid to claim as family land in the next 10 Year Cycle. 
Land remains under the domino of the owner until the land bid is ratified by the 10 Year Cycle.
Heir-stock is a public exchange and heir-stock can not be traded. 
Owners of heir-stock can not be coerced to sell back. 
Heir-stock is heavily inspected for validity or coercion. 
After heir-stock converted to family land, the parcel may be submitted in a evaluation for an Ancestral Bid, after the third cyclic period.
Land ownership must be stable and as static as possible to reduce land disputes.

Global assessment audits value of all land  to establish stable global markets.
Assessment revalues the stock value of the land into One Ring.

Land owners converge to land betterment.
Land is the public holding of international wealth.
International metrics establish a clear path to valuation.
Land is worshiped and is the center of value.

Land money is immune to inflation by proper audits. 
Yet, it has a natural growth without disrupting the stability of the system.
Land is a finite resource that also has intrinsic value.
Land money is entirely contained and explicitly calculable. 
The value can be estimated from satellite to the naked eye of a bypasser.

Anti-inflationary nature of Land Money gives high value to 10% returns of common stock. 
{ no taxes, no fees, no devaluation by inflation, finite resource, external assess, no monopoly }

Business land is entirely separate from residential land.
Business and production must only be done on business land.
This maintains the sanctity of family land as a garden.

Mathematics quantify valuable metals as a being of infinite nature.
Continuous mining of metals is compounded by unknown quantities stored or waiting to be rediscovered. 
Any currency founded upon precious metals is susceptible to overnight implosion.

Fiat currency is built entirely upon widespread trust in set imaginary value.
In no era of human history has fiat been a stable foundation for a society.
History has proven that countries attack the stability of other nations by devaluation of currency and then using stability of their own currency to leverage a foothold which then acts as a permanent threat of explosion.

Land money sets all currency to an equal footing of stability. 
Each region has its variance of attributes.
Objectivity will work to balance between metrics.
Land is a dynamic element, from catastrophe to degradation. 
Promise of equal treatment can give harmony unto realities which are inherently unequal.

There exists no negative land, and therefore exists no debt.
There is no usury because there is no land lending.
Equal-opportunity & ease-of-entry will allow only gain by effort.

Education & Meritocracy
Decentralized & unrestricted growth of an individual from education to workforce.
The individual must be liberated of any barriers to gain from chosen labor.
The human right of life demands one must eat and have shelter; both require gains from work.
No requirements of certifications bar any to enter any profession. 
One Ring public ranking & comments informs capabilities of each individual.

Training is done by independent tutor and apprenticeship. 
Government is explicitly removed from interference. 
Families govern the cultivation of their children.

Artificial Intelligence allows access to rich cultivation where poverty exists.
Apprenticeship allows provision & growth while learning.
Barriers of entry to labor of choice impoverishes society.

The individual has the choice in how to build their reputation upon One Ring.
Labor is a public offering within society.
All verifications of skill require public display against peers.
Verification is defined by ranking from a spectrum of incompetent to proficient.

The public ordeal transitions the apprentice into a public verified worker.
Public ordeal is proof unto peers, community and potential companies.
Ordeals are decentralized and regional. 
Diversity is a strength. 
Individuals prove in areas and fail in areas. 
Excellence liberated from privileged placement.

To excel in society the individual must be both visionary and an applicator. 
Only the correct balance steers towards greatness.

The individual, not government, is responsible for well being.
Assistance is never required but it is rewarded based upon decentralized regional values.
Individuals reap reward of labor due by fair distribution of profits & gains.
Employees are protected by stability of position and stability of company.

Citizenry
Individual has the axiomatic domain over product of labor.
Business can only exist within a stable society.

Community is placed above business.
How well one contributes to the community trumps excellence in business. 

Each adult citizen is required to perform governmental duties.
Three branches of the government: Judicial, Legislative, Executive.
Citizen has the freedom to build respect in a place of choice.

Peer verification, Artificial Intelligence and public devices all monitor individual to civic duty.
Education trains roles which tend to be passed down thru lineage.
Culture establishes critical weight upon ancestral lines which never fail. 
Families gain from consistency, and cultivation by parental guidance over apprenticeship. 

One Ring ensures that acts over a lifetime culminate in the expectations of current situations.
Acts will tend to align harmoniously with the timeframe of the individual.
When one is able, then puts effort vigorously, will be rewarded proportionally which allows freedom to exist entirely focused elsewhere.

Artificial Intelligence will allow voluntary oversight to accurately establish metrics to acts of civic duty.
Witness of unaffiliated citizens will weigh the effectiveness of the action.

Metrics will give a standard which determines the contribution of each individual.
Isolation of time & effort from results will crown effectiveness as principal to contribution.

Open Source
All procedure is open source from government to enterprise.
Citizens are able to inspect sensitive documents.

No Copyrights. 
All take to build and must pay forward.
What one builds then they execute to the best of their ability to gain.

Once revenue is received then the procedure must be made open source.
This allows a window of accumulation, of inventory or constructions, which allow head-start due to initiative.

Artificial Intelligence can flag open-patents by predefined vectors of exploitation, and also any predefined vectors of inefficiency. 
Clarity of how the product stands against global competition will increase effectiveness of investors in common stock of the business.

Owner & Employee
Owner is defined as an individual which bootstraps a company with a minimum of 40% of personal-assets and works full-time on the endeavor.
No Partnerships nor conglomeration are allowed to own a company. 

One company maximum per owner.
One business-parcel of land per company.

One process of transfer of ownership: inheritance by heir.
Companies are tied to the family lineage.
A company is dissolved by the sale of assets.

Owners have executive power & gains.
Employees have stability & gains.
Convergence is to longevity by a healthy strong foundation.
Society & business rely upon each other symbiotically.

Exist three types of stocks which reflect the three types of individuals associated with a business.

Owner Stock
Gains of initial investment will not exceed 400% of original bootstrap investment.
These gains are paid back at an annual rate lower than 20% annual.
Owner-stock is bound by inheritance any the gains on initial investment carry-forward.
Owner has the singular executive role within the company.
The role of owner is reflective of the role of the King.

Employee Stock
Employees receive a ratio of all gains tied to their contribution.
Employees have voting rights upon major company decisions.
Employee veto forces a compromise which favors the owner by 3:2 proportion.
Employee’s contributions are calculated based upon daily open-source metrics.
Keystone position of contribution-metrics instill focus of the individual from child to adult.
Integrity of the system in based upon nature of man to check correct calculation of self & others.
Explicit contribution-metrics are compiled over the lifetime of that engagement.
	{ time, overtime, holiday, stress, commitment, implementations }
AI & Auditor, chosen by employee, will oversee probationary periods required before termination of employee from company.
Employee stock is bound to the profits & gains produced from interval of involvement scaled by the ratio of contribution-metrics. This is carry-forward to heir.

Investor Stock
Idle investors gains common stock which is capped at a return of 10% annual.
Investor gains are only received after fulfillment of employee gains.
Investors are barred from interfering in company implementation.
Common stock has no voting rights.

Militia & Viking
To own land requires oath to defend borders of all as they oath to defend own.
One soul is required to represent each parcel of residential land in defense of invasion.
An adopted defender is entitled to family heir upon return. 
Lineage immutably tied to the original family, the heir which assumes head, must chose heir from original family line.

The family will invest considerable amounts of money to protect the lineage by means of heirlooms.
Ancestral techniques and technology will accumulate into great powers.
Each family on residential land knows they will be involved in any defense.
There exists no military, but only trained militia under organized command of the King.
The firepower of the nation will reside within the stewardship of the people.
The family line will train lifelong in the firepower and upgrade the arsenal as able.
Responsibility will converge the nation to be life-long trained & well-armed.

Terrorism is defined as the non-invasive act of war.
Retribution requires invasion of another land.
Foreign policy is set by the King and effected by Vikings.

Vikings are voluntary only force.
Members & assets can not be associated with militia. 
Offense will not weaken defense.
Proceeds will be distributed by contribution metrics compiled by evidence and witness.
All who risk their life are due to get the gains.
Each Viking will check other to be worthy of the gains.
One Ring vote of 3:2 allow dishonorable discharge of a Viking.

Judge & Jury
Judge aggregates Juror decisions then commits sentence within bounds of explicit laws.

Judges are first chosen by meritocracy and then backed by ancestral honor.
Greatest weight is on a family lineage which has proven consistence over age.

Audits on One Ring by Councils & Artificial Intelligence compile an appropriate quantity of qualified Jurors.
Judge & Juror are assigned domains at time of inauguration.
Domains are appended by public qualification.
10 Year Cycle process the shame of retractions of domain. 

Judgements of Judge & decisions of Juror are public on One Ring.
Any corruption, undeclared bias, or undeclared affiliation that is discovered violate the Axiom of Oath.

Only after Juror decisions & Judge sentence can the convict be arrested.
Axiom of Domain sanctifies home which can only be sieged, but never invaded.
Non-voluntary arrests are a fast-track to capital punishment.

Convicts may appeal to different Judge & Jurors. 
The region of selection of court is broader, but the sentence is unilaterally more severe. 
Standing amendments authorize explicit parameters of Kingly-Pardon & Popular-Veto.
Amendment standing is in relation to date of initial sentence. 
A new cycle will not change sentence of a prior cycle.

There are no jails nor enslavement.
Exist only immediate punishment or exile under penalty of death.
Punishment is effected in a public display.

Capital punishment of Treason or Murder.
Crimes of sex will result in the scalping of the sexual organ.
Severe, but merciful sentences, result in amputations.
Whipping or beating is effected by an unassociated professional.

Mascot
Capital punishment will benefit the animal kingdom.
Societies greatest perpetrators will bless the countries beloved animals.
Society converges to respect all life.

Mankind, since the Fall of Rome, has neglected to repay animals a fair share of meat.
Man takes meat from the animal kingdom and therefore man must also return meat.
Only by true equilibrium can any system exist naturally in the universe.

Man-meat is of the highest quality and it is a precious offering to revered community animals.
Evil done to society will result in good done to the animal kingdom.

Punitive extremes will be effected in public arena feeding of a top predator.
Social interaction with mascots will embed knowledge of consequence. 
Merciful extreme is peaceful death or amputation. Meat is processed into kibbles & bits.

Death by all causes, if suitable for preservation of meat, will be respected worldwide.
War is a permanent facet of life. 
Exist a world-wide demand of preserved man-meat.
Sacrifices of man can benefit the country, and bless the animals therein.
First, innocents of the region will receive man-meat preserves.
Vikings, only after, can receive their share of the man-meat.

Meat is necessary for many types of honorable entities.
Offering to animals transcends the sacrifice of the individual for society, into an act also for the good of the universe.

Global Initiative 
The world will converge to the Individual World Order thru the propagation of health voluntary adoption. 
Individual World Order is the only known government in existence to grow healthier which each generation of life.
The system retains the individuality of each nation and implements universal human rights.
Inter-country tension, often under-handed, will be exposed to the world by One Ring.

As the individual thrives in their country, so will the individuality of a nation thrive in the world.

One Ring availability in the country will quicken the adoption of the entire system. 
Decentralized open-source mechanics prove the virtue of the protection of nation rights as equally as it protects individual rights.
Global discourse and unfiltered information will expose all corruption.
This will converge the international relations towards harmony.
Worldwide stability will transition into national stability.
Stability will transition into prosperity.

Immutable borders will created calculably bounded harmony.

One Ring will call all to return to their ancestral homeland.
Individual empowered by a global support.
What compelled their ancestors to flee, will in time be supplanted with mechanism of acceptance.
Refugees will be able to return to peaceful establishment.

Populace of each region will be proved by various facets.
Artificial Intelligence will process government data.
DNA confirmation of regional ancestry compared with the buried.
Ancestral lineage the highest weight among all residents. 

Each region will determine its individual state.
A state unified to a nation or a state of an independent nation.
The viable option for independence will be given to all regions.
None will be subjected involuntarily to the will of another region.

Each continent, in succession, will become the global center of attention.
Foremost, is the implementation of One Ring to enable individual voice to be heard worldwide.

Firstly, every individual has the human right to leave the nation under protective-escort of global forces.
Faith that they will one day return securely to the land by convergence of voluntary adoption.
Proof of claims are submitted immutably to the One Ring.

One Ring will show the regions most willing to adopt.
Peaceful implementation will require time.

Each claim of independence must be weighed by the international community and ratified by a standard applied in every case equally. 
	{ Hawaii, Palestine, Hong Kong, Ireland … }

The sequential call of global aide to assist a true assessment and implementation.
Refugees expelled from their own land.
Freed regions now compelled to pay forward.
Congregation of various peoples with the assistance of Artificial Intelligence to organize.

Phases of adoption of the Individual World Order: Assessment, Ratification, Implementation.

Assessment: the regional borders will be closed until determination.
Global powers composed of volunteers will be positioned along the regional border to maintain true isolation. 

Global call for individuals with claims to return to the region. Proofs of claim will be processed on One Ring and ratified by global assessment.
Individuals who have no long-standing claims and reside atop long-standing claims will have to move or be escorted out of the region.

Generational lineage will prove long-standing rights against recently acquired rights.
Individual with rightful claims were made refugees by ill-got claims.
Therefore, individuals whose claims were obtained by ill-got means will become refugees.
Where no mercy was given in the past, neither shall it be found in the present.
Priority is to return people where their verified claims prove them to belong.

Ratification: return of rightful populace, the the decision of a system of governance.
Global powers will enter the region to verify by witness that true adoption exists.

Implementation: the international system will recognize the ratified decision of the borders, united or independent.
The international system will guarantee the borders.

Independent nations maintain the free will to be united to another nation by proof of two consistent 10 Year Cycles and international scrutiny.

America
America The Nuclear Steward of Borders.
Each nation will be appointed a nuke which is chosen based upon the ability of the nation to maintain the American oversight.
Nuclear power will be available to every nation by public commitment to a standard contract across all countries.
Only the size & count of the nukes will be variant.
These nukes will be stationed at global American Bases.

Peace by cold nuclear deterrent. 
Time is on the side of the system, as it builds the gravity of consequence by Gallows Pole.

One Ring facilitates unfiltered direct information, both local & global.
False-flags stratagems and spy conspiracy will be revealed in time.

There exists no rush to commit to the nuclear deterrent.
Each nation is respected by the same standard commitment. 
Every nation works to create an international oversight of the decision.

The global consensus alone commits to action.
America merely acts to deliver upon the international decision.

Decades may allow the aggressor to recompense the injured.
Decades may only delay the inevitable atop a long-standing, real, oppressive dread.
